So I'm back in our demo application and thus far we manage all of our applications state in the app.js
file in our app container,
here we have the state of the places and the selected place.
We also manage some state in place input, here where we manage whatever the user entered but I will leave
that here because that's really just some local UI state relevant for this input,
we could also manage that through redux but you can always make an argument for either direction,
I'll leave it in this component because it's not a state that is important application wide.
The one in app.js is though,
so let's add redux and adding redux first of all means that we need to install some third party
libraries, some normal javascript libraries I should say
and that's important.
We install libraries that we could add to any javascript project because our javascript code is going
to run on the native device in this extra thread.
So I can use npm which we also used to install create react native app
and in this project, I now run npm install --save to add a new dependency to the project and
the save flag ensures that it gets stored in the package.json file so that the reference
to it gets stored there and now the package name I want to install is redux,
that's all, that's the name.
I also will install a second package because redux standalone doesn't know about react or react native,
in order to connect it to react apps and it doesn't matter if that's a web app or a native app,
I will also install react-redux,
that's a second package.
So these two libraries get installed, just hit enter and they will allow us to add redux to this app.
Now if you have worked with react for web apps, you might see that these are the exact same packages
you use there
and there really is no difference,
you use redux and react redux in exactly the same way.
Now to add redux, I'll first of all create a new folder in my source folder and I'll name it
store, there
I want to add my redux related files and so on.
In that new store folder, I'll add a reducers folder even though for now we'll only add one but this will
grow over the course of this course,
the second folder I add is the actions folder.
Now I mention that actions and reducers are important, actions are these messages we dispatch, reducers
are the places where we accept these messages and change our state.
Now in our case we will only have one reducer, I'll name it
root.js because it's our root reducer handling our main, well application logic we have which is
just managing our places right now.
Well therefore why don't we name it places.js,
I think that also makes sense.
So we at the places.js file, now in there,
I simply will set it up as we set up a reducer in a normal react app, so in a web react app, the reducer
is just a function and I'll use an ES6 arrow function here, I'll name the function reducer and it will accept
two arguments,
the first one is the old state so that we can update it,
the second one is the action we got because the reducer function here will be executed whenever we receive
an action.
Now inside the reducer, we then can find out which action occured and manipulate the state accordingly,
I will export this reducer function as the default of this file, like this.
I will also add some other constant which I'll name initial state,
that's just a javascript object
and here I want to set up the state with which we start in this application before any action has occurred.
We also have an initial state right now in the app.js file, there
we have our state object where we have the places array and the selected place which is null.
I'm just going to copy these two properties and put them into my initial state here in the reducer
file, in the places.js file and then I'm going to take advantage of next generation javascript feature,
I can set this state argument in my reducer function to a default value which is initial state so that
if we don't have an existing state, we start with this one.
Now inside the reducer, we create a typical switch case statement as you probably know it from other react
apps, we switch the action type,
each action does have to have at least the type property
and then we can find out which action occured and react accordingly.
First of all I'm going to set up a default case in which I just want return the existing state unchanged
but then we can react to different other action types,
we have no way action types yet though.
So let's make sure that we do have some by adding actions.
Let's do that in the next lecture.